   --- Please Review the RULES ---

* In response to some dubious gun makers, RAYCAST bullets are NOT allowed at Silverhawk. Raycast grenades and explosives are allowed
* No more than 3 automated turrets or artillery per side are allowed
* No more than 4 Interceptor / Deflectors per side are allowed (it's a lot)
 
* No more than 3 automated turrets or artillery weapons are allowed

 1) No movement enhancers. No dashes over 10 meters
     No medicing, teleporters, breaching, jetpacks or grapplers. No seeker missiles on infantry.

 2) No griefing (either verbal or physical). We may also remove trolls.

 3) No Advanced Menu Features. If it doesn't exist in RL it shouldn't be used here (natural combat please)

 4) 1 hour for lone wolves. 2 hours for groups. We require a minimum 3 defenders, but you can ask us.

 5) No barricades inside buildings

 6) This is a Homestead. Keep vehicle usage reasonable:

    * Tanks, are the ONLY vehicles allowed
    * 300 HP Tanks (MAX)
    * No Aircraft
    * No Mechs

 7) The ratio is 1.5:1. Due to the fact that some groups are only interested in destroying other
     groups with large numbers and behaving like cowards. This ruins the "fun for all" aspect of the game
     A minimum or 3 "active" defenders is required. But you can ask the OIC

 8) We understand that "primshooting" happens, but do not shoot through walls intentionally.
     Windows and fences are exempt. Also... throwing grenades at walls and ceilings is lame.

 9) Rifles, Machine Pistols, PDW's, LMG's 3 nodes and HMG's no more than 4 nodes
     Shotguns may have no more than 6
     Hand grenades should not exceed the SLMC standard 5 meter radius (10 meter diameter)
     Artillery should not exceed the SLMC standard 10 meter radius (20 meter diameter)
     We reserve the right to ban or exclude any weapon or combatant on short notice, if we feel the weapon
     contravenes fair play, the combatant is cheating, or generally pissing around

10) If you have issues please ask for the OIC. Warnings will usually be given before any ejections, bans
     or nukings take place. Although ... we have been known to eject or freeze people to get their attention.
     Please remember you are a guest here.

    --- THE SH ROE ---
    
We apply Newton's Third Law. Every action has an equal and opposite reaction

Silverhawk is an infantry based group. We have tanks and aircraft, but generally will not escalate in a fair
and balanced combat situation. If we are outnumbered, we may escalate, to balance the combat, or if we
are being subjected to excessive over powered weapons.

If the attackers outnumber the defenders and escalate, don't complain when we respond in a similar manner.
